“What? You can already see 20,000 people from here? Aren’t there still at least thousands of tanks and armored vehicles? And thousands of airplanes and helicopters?”
After hearing the shocking numbers, Jack Smith, Bob and the others were about to explode in fright.
This was definitely not something they could handle, let alone compete!
Why are we here?
Why can’t we just live our lives comfortably?
These gangsters and their subordinates trembled in fear. Their legs grew weak, and they almost fainted.
They thought that they were only here to fight.
Was there a need for airplanes, tanks, and artillery with tens of thousands of troops?
The Garrison family saw what was happening. A chilly stream of air rushed up to their bodies as if to freeze all the blood in them.
This is frightening!
Why are there troops here all of a sudden?
How did this happen?
What on earth is happening?
Rick grew extremely solemn. He was extremely afraid that things were happening accordingly to what he had initially predicted.
Jack Smith thought about it and said, “Could it be a military exercise? This area is extremely suitable for it!”
Joseph took a few deep breaths. “I also think the same way! I received a piece of news in the morning, saying that there are many tanks heading in this direction. It seems to be a military exercise going on, and we just happen to chance upon it! We seem to be in their way!”
Instead of thinking of the worst-case scenario, everyone wished to believe that it was a simple military exercise.
Rick shook his head. “Perhaps not! This has definitely got to do with Levi!”
“All are loaded standard weapons! They have bullets in them! These are real guns and live ammunition! I guarantee it!” The head of the mercenary, James, said in a serious tone.
His experience, together with his subordinates were able to see clearly that the guards had real guns and live ammunition!
Hiss!
Many people drew in their breaths at that instant.
They were panicking.
Boom boom boom…
The war chariots and armored vehicles stopped one by one when they were about 500 meters away from everyone.
However, the infantry at the back passed by the war chariots and armored vehicles and continued to advance.
It was a bone-chilling sight.
There were a lot of people on the vast plain.
Click click click…
The infantry was approaching, closer each time, and now everyone had a better view of the sheer number of them.
“Just now, we only saw a small part of the infantry. Now, the numbers have increased. We can see at least 40,000 to 50,000 people! There is about the same number of people at the back!”
“Tell everyone this piece of bad news: There are about 100,000 people in strength!”
James stated the fact, and he was growing desperate and hopeless at reality.
An infantry of such magnitude would absolutely sweep every single person on the battlefield away!
With this fact in mind, everyone grew dead silent and despondent.
There are 100,000 people!
A full 100,000!
“I… I… I… I… I… I…”
Jack Smith was so scared that his teeth chattered in fear, rendering him speechless for a long time.
Click click click…
The infantry stopped at a distance of fewer than 20 meters from everyone, which was a good distance for their handover process.
These soldiers looked ruthless, holding tightly onto their weapons that had been loaded, and took aim at everyone.
There was no doubt that as long as they fired their weapons, the Garrison family, Jack Smith and the others would be brought down immediately!
In front of all these soldiers, they had no fighting power at all when they saw a series of cold muzzles pointed at them.
Plop! Plop! Plop!
They dropped their weapons on the ground and raised their hands up in surrender.
