“Don’t think we are ignorant of what you’d done to the Garrison family,” Aaron scoffed, “they have warned us to prepare ourselves for a bloodbath.”
“Why do you have to piss off the Garrison family? Are you looking to get yourself killed?”
Caitlyn and Aaron were raving mad.
“If it’s not for Zoey, I’d have kicked you out of our house a long time ago.” Aaron spat with such fury that his veins stood out in his neck, “You could have been sleeping at the streets by now!”
Zoey did not want to aggravate the hostility of his parents towards Levi, but she felt Levi had acted too rashly as well.
We were lucky to have Azure Dragon bail us out this time. But what about next time? Will we get lucky again?
“Who are you to step on the toes of the Garrison family?” Caitlyn glared at Levi with total contempt, “You don’t even have a place to stay on your own!”
“Mum, Levi actually has the villa…”
Zoey was trying to explain to her mum that Levi had just got his villa back, but Caitlyn cut her off abruptly, “Don’t give me that crap about his villa. He’s simply a ticking time bomb, you shouldn’t hang around with him all the time. I’d rather you use your time to source for investors instead!”
“You should know well that the Garrison family is untouchable, not even the Lopez family could hold a candle to them. We’ll be doomed should the Garrisons decide to come at us. I’m warning you, Levi, I’ll get Zoey to seek a divorce with you if you ever dare to infuriate the Garrison family again!”
The next day.
Zoey and Levi planned to source for investors for their upcoming project. They were about to leave the house when Caitlyn reminded Zoey, “It’s going to be the National holidays soon and your cousin is coming over to spend the holidays with us. Can you go and pick her up as your dad and I are too busy with our chores?”
“Sure, mum.”
Levi knew both Aaron and Caitlyn had got their hands full at the moment. Caitlyn worked in the hospital while Aaron had just started a small business.
It was another frustrating day for Zoey. Every investor she met had snubbed her proposal.
However, Levi watched quietly without interfering. All he did was take down the names of those companies who had snubbed Zoey’s proposal.
The string of ill-luck days for Zoey had left her with no choice but to hold back her project as long as she could, since she could not source the investments she needed to kick-start her project. She was just three days away from the commencement date, as stipulated in the contract.
It had definitely stressed Zoey to the extreme.
Aaron and Caitlyn were exasperated and wore a worried look on their faces.
“Don’t be too worried, Mum, Dad.” Levi gave a placid smile, “I’m sure the investors would show up when the time comes.”
He said it with an air of confidence, since he knew he had made all the necessary arrangements.
“You should just keep your mouth shut!” Aaron flared, “Of course it’s easy for you to say that, since it’s none of your business!”
Ding Dong…
The doorbell sounded. It surprised them to see Shaun at their doorstep.
“It’s good that you’re all here, Uncle Aaron and Aunt Caitlyn. Grandpa would like all of you to come for a family meeting tonight.”
Shaun left promptly after he had relayed the message.
Shortly after, Levi, Zoey and her parents came to the family complex of the Lopez family.
It was a vast complex that comprised several buildings. Its structure and scale were one of the most affluent and lavish in North Hampton.
Zoey instantly felt animosity in the Lopez family’s members looks when they greeted her. It was as if she had just snatched away the love of their lives.
It dawned on Zoey and her family that they were no longer seen as part of the Lopez family anymore, now, they are seen as enemy who had taken their cake away and have it all to themselves.
“Come over here, Aaron and you guys. Take a seat.” Harry and the rest of them greeted them with an unusual friendliness.
“How’s your project going along, Zoey?” Harry asked once everybody was seated.
“There’s a major issue with the funding, grandpa!” Zoey sighed, “We’re just three days away from the commencement date but I’ve yet to rope in investors for the project.”
“Hahaha….Didn’t I told you that this is too large of a project for a small company like Imperial Meadows?”
“That’s right, it’s good to know your own limits. Don’t act like some big guns when you’re just nothing but a soft and limp fry!”
…
Everyone started to mock Zoey when they heard about her funding problem.
Zoey and her family could only put up with their sarcasm in silence since she could find nothing to rebuke them. The lack of funding had now put her entire project into jeopardy.
