Levi stared at Chloe. “Well, that’s not going to work for me. I want to buy a house in North Hampton only.
“Hahaha…” Mary and the others laughed out loud. How long is he going to put up that act?
Chloe laughed as well. “Old friend, I must remind you. We only accept full payment in cash for properties under our agency. Even if you accept a unit with a mortgage loan, you will have to pay a few million for the down payment. I don’t think you can afford that amount as of now!”
Levi said coldly, “I am making full payment in cash as well!”
“Full payment in cash? Are you sure?” Chloe was shocked. He only dares to utter such outrageous nonsense because he cares too much about his pride. Hmph! I will see if he can live up to his own words. He will only embarrass himself in the end. Then I will spread this shameful incident to our high school friends tonight!
But everyone was dumbfounded after Levi added. “Let me see the most expensive unit you have here!”
Everyone fell silent as they looked at him in bewilderment.
“What did you say? The most expensive unit? Are you sure?” Chloe asked in a low voice.
Abigail scolded impatiently. “Are you deaf? He wants the most expensive unit!”
Chloe regained her senses. Hmph! The most expensive unit, you say? I can’t wait to see how you are going to pay for the house!
“Alright, follow me!” Chloe brought the crowd to the real estate model and pointed at one of the units. “This is the most high-end house in Bayview Garden, measuring at five hundred square meters. We will also include a free underground garage and storage for you. The price for this unit is fifty million!”
“What do you think?” Chloe looked at Levi smugly after she gave them a thorough explanation.
Mary and the others gazed at Levi mockingly. How are you going to pay now, since you talked so big?
Levi nodded his head satisfyingly. “Not bad!”
“I think this is not bad too.” Abigail nodded in agreement.
Chloe smirked. He could win an Oscar for that rhetorical statement! The question remain though, how are you going to afford a fifty million house?
Chloe had resolved to humiliate Levi then and there. She wanted to drive him into a corner with nowhere to escape. “Let’s look at the showroom, shall we? This is a ready unit, available for you to move in right away!” Chloe said with a smile. I will never let him leave so easily.
But she did not expect the subsequent turn of events.
Levi took out a credit card and said, “There’s no need for that. I’ll purchase it now.”
Everyone was stunned.
“What? You are purchasing the unit now?” Mary was the first to snapped herself back to reality.
“Are you sure?” Chloe’s voice trembled.
Levi handed the card to her. “Get on with it now! I have some other matter to attend to!”
Chloe received the card with shaking hands because she recognized the Centurion card she was holding. There’s no credit limit to this card! Is he really qualified to possess such a card?
Chloe proceeded to check out the payment with uncertainty.
The payment was successful after Levi entered the password.
He paid fifty million in one transaction! Chloe, Mary and the other sales agent were shocked to their cores. He really spent that much money to buy a house!
They stared at Levi with disbelief in their eyes.
Even with my capabilities, I have to earn this consistent amount for over ten years to afford that house. But Levi just paid the sum so effortlessly? Chloe thought to herself.
