“Everyone knows why you’re back. You want to leech off the Garrison family; you want our money, isn’t it?!”
“You’ve long been expelled from the Garrison family, you ungrateful wretch! The Garrison family has nothing to do with you! Now, get lost!”
Levi’s adoptive parents rose to their feet and pointed at his nose, hurling abusive remarks at him.
The Garrison family’s brazenness of distorting the truth was mind-bending.
How disappointing!
He had thought they would feel somewhat apologetic after six years, but they were unexpectedly more aggravated.
They took everything from him, crippled him, and ruined his reputation, turning everything upside down and making everything his fault instead.
The Garrison family didn’t have the slightest bit of compassion to speak of.
Bryan zipped towards Levi, assessing him condescendingly. “Hmph! Don’t you just want money now that you’re back?”
Flap!
Bryan threw a credit card to the ground and lifted his foot, shaking his leather shoe. “My vamp is dirty. Lick it clean, and the one million in this card is yours!”
His words elicited a fresh burst of laughter as the crowd looked at Levi as if they were looking at a dog.
“Oh my! One million? That’s more than enough to cover his living expenses. I bet he’ll lick it!”
Victoria gave a wry look.
“On your knees!” Bryan roared, seeing that Levi was glaring at him. “Now, lick my shoe!”
Levi stared at him coldly and held his peace.
“Kneel!!!”
Bryan rushed to Levi and pressed his shoulders, forcing him to kneel, but the latter didn’t budge.
“I said kneel!!!”
Bryan struggled to rivet him to the spot.
“Drop dead!”
Levi suddenly slapped Bryan in the face, sending him flying almost eight meters away.
Silence engulfed the room; one could even hear a pin drop!
Unbelievable!
Everyone in the Garrison family was stupefied.
What did Levi just do?
Did he just knock Bryan to the ground with a single slap?
Plod!
Bryan was about to get up when Levi stepped on him, crushed him, and crossed over him.
Looking at the approaching Levi, Joseph instinctively stepped back.
Levi went up the stage and adjusted the microphone stand.
Everyone looked at him, wondering what he was going to do next.
“Listen up, everyone…”
“I’m sure you remember what happened six years ago, yes? For the love and care I had received from the Garrison family during childhood, I’m giving you one month to kneel before me for three days and three nights to repent your sins!”
“Remember, that’s everyone from the Garrison family!”
“If I don’t see any shadow within a month, the outcome is simple—I swear I’ll wipe off every single one of you here today!”
Levi’s voice was low and deep.
But as soon as he finished, the crowd was laughing like a drain.
“Did prison life eat his brain or what? What conceited nonsense is he spouting?”
“The Garrison family right now is a juggernaut in North Hampton. He’s just a criminal. Isn’t it a pipe dream to destroy the Garrison family?”
“Did he knock his brain loose or something?”
…
“Bear in mind that I have limited patience. You only have one month! Of course, you may gather your strengths and connections to fight against me! I’ll be waiting.”
Levi then took his leave straightaway, disregarding the mockeries of the crowd.
“Stop right there, you bastard! Did I tell you to leave?”
Ben, Levi’s adoptive father, wanted to stop him.
“Ben, let him go!” Joseph said. “It’s a big day today. I don’t want to see bloodshed!”
He was afraid about the impact that would bring about if the big shot saw this.
“Yeah! There are so much more opportunities to take care of him!”
“He’s in luck that the big shot is on his way!”
With that, Levi left the place under the watchful eyes of hundreds of people.
After Levi had left, Joseph asked anxiously, “Jaycob, where’s the big shot? Isn’t he here yet?”
Jaycob looked dazed. “According to the time, he should have arrived long ago. Let me ask…”
After making a phone call, Jaycob blanched. “Dad, the big shot was here, but he left already.”
“What? The big shot was here?”
“The big shot said that the Garrison family are a bunch of unworthy stupid pigs!”
“I get it. He must have left in a fit of rage after witnessing the ruckus that brat had created!”
“He must have thought that the Garrison family disrespected him!”
Joseph trembled with rage. “That brat will pay for this!”
The multitude reacted accordingly.
Levi has ruined the Garrison family’s glorious event!
He just pissed off the big shot!
That’s equivalent to cutting off the Garrison family’s chance to reach the sky!
Levi Garrison is indeed the sinner of the Garrison family!
At that moment, the Garrison family wished to skin Levi alive.
His adoptive parents, brother, and sister-in-law especially hated him to the bone. “Just you wait, Levi!”
After leaving Crystal Palace Hotel, the next person that Levi was going to look for was his wife, Zoey Lopez.
In this life, he owed no debt to the Garrison family, nor his friends and classmates, but Zoey.
He had been imprisoned on the second day after the wedding, making Zoey lose her reputation. That even put her through six years of widowhood.
This woman has carried too much on her shoulders for six years.
But now that I’m back, I’ll hold your hand, and we’ll conquer the world together!
After hesitating for a long time, Levi pressed the doorbell.
Thud!
The young woman dropped her mobile phone to the ground as the door opened.
Upon taking a closer look at Levi’s face, Zoey broke down in tears.
“Zoey, quick, just get the parcel and come in. It’s almost time for the family banquet! Your grandfather is going to settle your marriage at the family banquet tonight. You can’t get away from this!”
“Yeah! Quickly get dressed! Your grandfather is going to set you up with someone else!”
Zoey’s parents’ voices sounded from the inside.
“Zoey, I’m back!” Levi said excitedly, wanting to fling his arm around her, but Zoey slapped his hands away.
“Why did you come back? I’ve already forgotten about you…”
Zoey’s voice was choked with sobs.
Very soon after, Zoey’s parents, Aaron and Caitlyn, came out, looking horrified.
“How dare you have the nerve to come back? Do you know how much criticism my family has suffered because of you? Especially Zoey. Do you know how much she has suffered for the past six years?” Zoey’s father, Aaron, reproached.
Meanwhile, her mother, Caitlyn, pushed and shoved Levi. “You should know that this relationship between you and Zoey is impossible in this life the moment you went to jail! You’re a criminal! You’re just a street rat in North Hampton! You’re only putting Zoey in harm’s way by coming to see her!”
Naturally, Levi had known of Zoey’s sufferings for the past six years, including her refusal to remarry because of him.
Levi put on a serious face. “This time, I’m back for good. I won’t leave Zoey ever again. I will grant her a bright future and let her own the world!”
Levi’s declaration had Aaron and Caitlyn hooting with laughter.
“You’ve spent six years in jail. How are you going to give Zoey a future?” Aaron asked with a sneer.
“Yeah! With your mouth?” Caitlyn chimed in. “There’s a limit to talking big!”
Nonetheless, Levi smiled. “Don’t worry. I’ll reclaim what I lost in those years! I’ll destroy the Garrison family in a month!”
“Levi!” This time, even Zoey couldn’t bear to listen to his nonsense any longer. “Can we be more realistic? It doesn’t matter if you just get out of prison. Can’t you just be down to earth and start anew? I believe that you will make a comeback one day, but you can’t just indulge in tall talk. Do you know just how powerful the Garrison family is right now? And besides, today’s era is a far cry from what it was six years ago!”
“Zoey, trust me,” Levi said earnestly. “I can make the Garrison family bow at my feet with just a word!”
