Meanwhile, Rick Garrison knelt before Levi.
Rick told Levi he had something to inform him when Levi was about to leave.
“What’s the matter? Spit it out.”
“Mr… No, that’s not right. Sir. Do you really think we, the Garrison family, were capable of pulling off the feat 6 years ago by ourselves, sir?” Rick asked.
Levi narrowed his eyes in response. He seemed to have noticed the problem too. Now that I think about this, there are a lot of details that don’t quite add up. For example, the Garrison family should not have been able to take control of Levi Group so easily. Moreover, there must be someone who orchestrated the multiple charges against me and my imprisonment. I do not believe the Garrison family to be so competent. There is someone else supporting them!
Rick smiled. “We harbored the intention for a long time but did not have the capabilities to execute the plan. But someone suddenly appeared and provided our family with assistance amidst our hesitation.”
“Who is that person?” Levi asked coldly.
“Oswald Rogers. You and Ms. Zoey’s schoolmate in the past, sir!” Rick revealed that person’s identity.
Levi took a deep breath at the mention of Oswald Rogers. Oswald was in the same high school as Zoey and me. He was also Zoey’s classmate. We competed for Zoey’s favor in the past, and I came out as the winner. But Oswald did not give up pursuing Zoey until our wedding day.
Oswald’s family background is more than just impressive. The Rogers family’s net worth is easily over billions with properties all over the globe. They are the true top-tiered family in North Hampton, at least 10 times more influential than the Garrison family.
Every decision they make can alter the economic standing of this city. If Oswald Rogers is the mastermind, then everything makes sense. He does have the power to place me behind bars effortlessly.
Rick continued. “Oswald Rogers was angry because of your marriage to Ms. Zoey. So he planned everything with the goal to destroy you.”
Levi finally understood why the Garrison family decided to execute the plan on his wedding day. This is all because of Oswald Rogers. Well, it is not surprising for him to get mad, knowing the love of his life was getting married to another man.
Rick shook his head in despair. “Oswald would not have gotten the opportunity if we did not harbor ill intent in the first place. Ultimately, this is still the Garrison family’s fault.”
Levi glared at him. “Glad you know.”
Zoey had no other choice but to accept the reality because Levi did not return home after she waited for him for the whole day.
Harry Lopez even hosted a dinner banquet to celebrate the joyous occasion.
Zoey was brought to the banquet venue in a daze by her parents.
“We are having this banquet tonight for very simple reasons. The first being the reinstatement of Zoey Lopez as part of the family. The second reason is to celebrate Zoey’s escape from her disastrous marriage. Lastly, the Lopez family will develop the West City project alongside Zoey from now on. So, cheers everybody!” Harry announced with his wine glass raised.
Everyone else in the family raised their glasses as well, with delightful smiles on their faces.
The Lopez family was exhilarated as if they were hosting a New Year’s celebration.
Aaron and Caitlyn forced themselves to join in the fun.
Zoey was the only person who stood out like a sore thumb during the banquet due to her lifeless condition.
Harry gazed at Zoey. “Now that Levi is gone, you should consider remarrying, Zoey. There are plenty of excellent candidates in North Hampton to choose from. You will meet a better person soon.”
“Who dares to ask my wife to marry another man?” A cold, harsh voice was heard all of a sudden.
Everyone turned to look at the door.
Levi was standing at the entrance, alive and well.
“Le-Levi Garrison?” Harry staggered as he nearly collapsed onto the floor.
“Are you a man or a ghost?” Samuel was close to hiding under the table out of fear.
Everyone was caught in perplexity and terror because a supposedly dead person had returned.
