Azure Dragon grabbed Nicole’s arm and brought her forcefully to where Levi was.
Levi disassembled another bullet and poured the gun powder on Nicole’s face.
Nicole was already struggling with all her might trying to free herself, but her effort was for naught.
The other girls were trembling in fear because they sensed the dreadful atmosphere.
Click!
Levi lit another match and brought the flame close to Nicole’s face.
Levi’s slightest mistake could cause a reaction between the fire and gun powder, leading to the disfigurement of Nicole’s delicate face.
“No! Please don’t! I’ll speak. I’ll tell you everything!” Nicole yelled hysterically as she stared unblinkingly at the flame.
Thump!
Nicole slumped onto the floor after Azure Dragon loosened his grip.
“What about the rest of you?” Levi looked at the other girls.
Thump!
They knelt before Levi one after the other. “We’ll tell you everything. Rick Garrison came to us and orchestrated all these to happen. He registered the houses under Mr. Morris’ name too. We are telling the truth. We even have evidence to back our words! They’re all in our cellphones…”
All four of them were intelligent women. They knew they had to keep the evidence to protect themselves.
All the pieces of evidence were sufficient to prove Rick Garrison was the mastermind behind the falsifications.
“Ah, I see. So it is him!” I’ve always thought of him as the most righteous person in the Garrison family. He wears glasses, gives off a gentleman vibe, and even graduated from a prestigious university abroad. Moreover, Rick Garrison was the only one who treated me well in the family previously. Perhaps he’s the evilest and most cunning among all of them. Rick Garrison might be the family’s strategist judging from this scheme he pulled off. He must’ve planned this for a long time to overthrow me six years ago.
“Hahaha… I see now… Let them go.”
Nicole and the others were frightened when they saw a few soldiers walking around on their way out. They began to feel curious about Levi’s identity.
“I’ve finally understood everything related to Morris’ death. Very well! I will see for myself how carefree your current life is, Holly Nelson!” Levi curled his lips menacingly.
The next day, Levi went to Star Entertainment early in the morning.
He saw Holly’s posters all over the building’s lobby. She appeared to be radiant and dignified in the pictures.
“She was only an insignificant model in the past. She managed to achieve her success today because of Morris. Ha…” Levi sneered while examining the poster.
Azure Dragon whispered beside him. “I’ve made an appointment with Holly Nelson in advance, Sir. It’ll be our turn to meet with her soon.”
“Okay.”
A receptionist walked up to them after a short while. “Mr. Dragon, please follow me…”
The President’s office was located on the 36th floor.
A few security guards stood near the entrance. They allowed Levi and Azure Dragon to enter only after a thorough security check.
Holly was working inside the office.
She did not spare a glance at the visitors even after she heard movements at the door. “Please wait for a moment, Mr. Dragon. I’ll be there with you very soon!”
Levi voiced out at that moment. “Aren’t you doing well, Holly Nelson?”
“Hm?” Holly felt the voice sounded familiar. She slowly looked up and exclaimed when she saw the visitor in her office. “Levi Garrison?”
