I know about the revolving restaurant Levi mentioned. Only someone with a status equivalent to Bryan can reserve the entire restaurant. Who does Levi think he is? This is an impossible feat for him! Moreover, I doubt Levi can afford a few million now.
Steve said, “Let’s go and take a look at the revolving restaurant you’ve reserved then. The time is still early anyway. If anything goes wrong, we can always go to Kempinski Hotel since it’s nearby.”
“Alright. Let’s go have a look at the restaurant then.” Theo and June could not wait for Levi to make a fool out of himself.
Aaron and Caitlyn had no other choice but to follow them helplessly.
Zoey’s mood dampened. I should really talk to Levi if things go south.
“Aaron, why don’t you join us in our car with Caitlyn? Let the youngsters take the other car.” Steve was creating an opportunity for his son.
In the end, Zoey and Abigail entered Theo’s Mercedes-Benz G.
“I do not think someone as high and mighty as you should lower your status to sit in my car, Mr. Garrison. You should take a cab instead.” Theo said to Levi with a smile.
“Take my car.” Zoey handed her car keys to Levi.
The three cars arrived at North Hampton city center one after the other.
Zoey started to feel uneasy. Her hands that were wrapped around Abigail’s arm, were trembling.
She was actually anticipating the surprise Levi prepared for her. But on the other hand, she was afraid of facing the harsh reality.
Theo stopped in his tracks abruptly and asked Levi, “Oh. I heard that the revolving restaurant would provide customers with a gilded card after a successful reservation. That card is the pass to enter the restaurant.”
Steve nodded in agreement. “He’s right. The restaurant sends the card to the customer’s house in a Rolls-Royce, and the card is coated with real gold. Many celebrities and millionaires even keep the gilded card as a souvenir to signify their status.”
Theo narrowed his eyes at Levi. “Where’s your card, Mr. Garrison? Can we have a look at it?”
Steve added. “Yeah. We’ve never seen the card in person. Why don’t you enlighten us?”
Zoey’s anxiety intensified.
She knew Levi did not have the card as soon as she looked at him. This restaurant requires a one month booking in advance. Levi was released from prison two weeks ago. There’s no way he made a reservation in time.
Even Abigail was dumbfounded. We really do not have the card.
Aaron’s displeased voice was heard. “Do you have the card or not? Show us if you have it.”
Levi said magnanimously. “I do not have the card because I reserved the entire place. This is different from booking a table.”
“Hahaha… You don’t have to sugarcoat your words if you don’t have the card.” Theo regarded Levi like he’s a fool.
Steve shook his head helplessly. This young man is nothing compared to my son, yet he was the dark horse of North Hampton’s business world six years ago? This is the extent of his capabilities?
“I’ll apologize on his behalf, Steve and June. Levi never changed his rotten personality of talking big.” Aaron explained.
June smiled without a care. “Let’s go then. We should hurry over to Kempinski Hotel.”
“Wait a moment.” Abigail stopped everyone from leaving. She suggested. “Although Levi does not have the card, we can verify his statement once we’re there at the restaurant, am I right?”
Steve scoffed. “Sure. Let’s go to the restaurant then.”
