“Why is it Levi?” Zoey sobbed after learning the truth.
Caitlyn snatched the phone over and said, “Sweetie, we had no choice! It was Levi who volunteered to take your Dad’s place!”
“How could you do that? You didn’t even tell me! Wait there, I’m coming home now!” Zoey cried.
Shortly after, Zoey arrived home.
“Sweetie, Levi told us not to tell you!”
“It doesn’t matter if he loses a few fingers anyway, but I can’t lose any,” Aaron said.
A sob caught in Zoey’s throat.
“Sweetie, you’ll have to return the money as soon as possible. That way we can buy Levi a few more days,” Caitlyn said.
“But that just means he’ll lose a finger with every passing day!” Zoey screamed. “How could you bear to do it?”
“It’s not like we have a choice. You can’t just watch your dad suffer, can you? He’s still young so he can take it!” Caitlyn comforted.
“Did you force him to go?” Zoey asked, staring at them.
“He did it of his own free will. We didn’t force him!” Aaron denied.
Caitlyn exchanged a look with Aaron and blurted out, “Sweetie, once we settle this debt, you should get a divorce with Levi!”
Zoey looked incredulous. “What? Divorce? Dad, Levi suffered in your stead! How could you just give him the brush after using him? Are we such heartless people?”
“Sweetie, Levi’s sacrifice won’t go unnoticed,” Aaron and Caitlyn said hastily.
“We’re not ungrateful people. We’ll compensate him with enough money once this is over!”
“You…”
I’m so disappointed in them today…
“But you must divorce Levi! He has never been good enough for you in the first place, and now that his fingers are gone, he’s not worthy of you! I can never tolerate my daughter marrying a cripple with incomplete fingers!” said Aaron adamantly.
Zoey was bemused.
How can they be so cruel to Levi just to save themselves?
“Zoey, you can’t cry over spilt milk now. Just hurry up and pay off the debt if you want Levi to suffer a little less,” Caitlyn said.
Just then, Harry arrived.
“Our turning point is here!”
Harry couldn’t contain his excitement.
“What do you mean, Dad?” Aaron asked quizzically.
“Someone has just come to inform us that there is a person willing to help us pay back the money, but on one condition—Zoey must remarry!” Harry said.
“Really?”
Harry raised the three hundred million check in his hand. “They brought the check! Now the question is—Zoey, will you remarry or not?”
Zoey was momentarily lost, but she knew that three hundred million was too big an amount to get at this moment.
“What are you hesitating for? Go on, say yes!” Aaron urged. Right now, money was gold.
“Just say yes. If you agree now, Levi won’t have to suffer so much,” Caitlyn said, causing Zoey to shudder as the cruel image from the video flashed in her mind.
For Levi!
“Okay, I agree to remarry!” said Zoey.
The adults were instantly relieved.
Harry took out a keycard and handed it to Zoey. “If you agree, go look for him at Sheraton Hotel! We only have the right to use the check once you arrive at the hotel!”
