“I’m wondering if we can push everything on Levi,” said Aaron with a frown after leaving the underground casino.
Caitlyn’s expression changed slightly. “You mean to transfer the three hundred million debt to Levi and then get him to divorce Zoey and cut off all ties with him?”
“Yeah! That would be killing two birds with one stone; we don’t have to pay the money back and we can send away that odious brat.”
“Drop it, you. You’re the one who lost the money, and you signed the agreement. How are you going to do that?”
Aaron sighed, his heart sinking. “I need to think of a way.”
In the casino, Levi was brought into a small and dark room.
Enzo sat in front of him, surrounded by sturdy men.
“Your father-in-law has pushed you out to have your fingers chopped off on behalf of him, Levi Garrison,” said Enzo with a bloodthirsty smile. “Are you ready?”
Enzo picked up a sharp machete that glowed under the lights.
To the side were people holding cameras in their hands, ready to film.
It was an assignment from Oswald to film the process of Levi having his fingers chopped off.
“Hold it right there!” said Levi suddenly.
Enzo grinned, revealing his rows of gold teeth. “Why? Are you afraid? Haha…”
Levi said nothing and silently lit a cigarette.
Cough…
The next second, everyone was choking and coughing violently.
“What on earth does that cigarette contain?” Enzo asked, inspecting the cigarette. “The smoke is so strong!”
“I think it’s a special cigarette from the war zone, Mr. Enzo,” said a thug uncertainly. “My childhood friend who’s a soldier gave me one before. The tobacco scent is really strong.”
Everyone’s expression changed at the mention of the special cigarette.
Enzo snorted. “Drop it, you guys. You think a crook who just came out of prison can smoke a cigarette like that?”
Levi took a puff of his cigarette and said calmly, “Tell me who instructed you to do this before I finish smoking this cigarette or you’ll be sorry for this.”
Enzo and his men burst into laughter.
Levi’s going to get his fingers chopped off. Why is he even threatening me?
Everyone looked at Levi as if he was a fool.
Who exactly is having it worse?
Enzo guffawed. “Is this kid crazy? Don’t worry. It won’t hurt. It’s just one cut!”
“There’s not much time left,” said Levi, looking at the cigarette that was about to burn out. “You’ll be really, really sorry for this if you choose to remain silent.”
Enzo and his men snickered. “Okay then, show us what you got. We’d like to see what you are going to do to us after smoking that cigarette.”
Everyone watched as Levi finished smoking the cigarette, threw it to the ground, and stomped it out.
He lifted his head and glanced at Enzo and his men. “You’ll soon regret this!”
“Regret, my foot! Not before I chop off your hand!”
Shook with fury, Enzo lifted the knife in his hand suddenly.
Bang!
The door suddenly collapsed with a deafening crash, causing Enzo to stop in fright.
In the next second, sturdy men with different skin colors but uniformly dressed in suits rushed in from the outside.
With an average height of over six feet two, they stood there like mountains.
These people were none other than James and other mercenaries that Rick had hired.
They were currently hiding in the shadows, serving as Levi’s bodyguards.
It was through the signal Levi had left that they found this place.
“Attack!” James commanded, and with a loud howl, the mercenaries pounced on their prey like tigers dashing down a mountain.
