Everyone looked around, but they could not find a person who was of a higher status than Kirin.
The Rogers family was very puzzled, curious as to who it was.
“Who is the person you speak of, may I ask?” Glenn Rogers questioned.
Kirin laughed, “He is my master!”
“Master?”
“Kirin’s master?”
Hiss!
…
Everyone drew in their breaths.
Kirin’s master?
To everyone, it meant that the person shared the same status as the God of War!
Back then, Levi had taught Kirin a lot of valuable skills. Kirin always saw him as his leader and master.
No one could understand the relationship they shared.
“Kirin’s master is also here? Why do we not know about this?”
Glenn, Rogers, and the others also broke into a cold sweat.
The Rogers family did not even notice such an important figure present at their celebration.
This was frightening.
If Kirin were to blame the Rogers family, they would not be able to take the social backlash.
Glenn asked in a frightened voice, “May I ask where your master is? The Rogers family will extend our warmest invitation!”
Kirin waved his hand. “There is no need. I will invite him personally!”
As soon as Kirin took a step, all the senior officials of the Rogers family followed suit, along with Steven Shaw, Yash Warner, and the rest of the distinguished guests.
Thousands of people looked at Kirin and the group of people behind him.
Everyone was curious about the identity of Kirin’s master.
Kirin arrived at the center aisle. He passed the front row and walked straight towards the back.
The first row was eliminated!
Everyone in the middle and back rows began to feel agitated as they looked at each other.
May, Yoyo, and the others were especially agitated.
May asked in doubt, “Who can this person be?”
Yoyo shook her head. “Such an important figure is probably hiding in the corner!”
Very soon, Kirin and the others walked past them.
This made May and Yoyo extremely disappointed.
Everyone wished that they could join Kirin and his group of people.
Their small clique got up immediately and looked towards the back row.
They really wanted to know who the mysterious person was!
Everyone present was excited to find out.
Levi was the only one who remained in his seat, looking stoic.
Abigail witnessed his impassiveness and joked, “Brother-in-law, could it be you?”
Levi responded, “Yes, you guessed right!”
However, Abigail thought that Levi was just joking.
In the next moment, Kirin’s group cleared the middle row and walked towards the back row.
A commotion broke out in the back row as people stood up immediately.
The Rogers family felt really nervous at the sight of this.
They had actually arranged for Kirin’s master to sit in the back row. The thought of it scared them.
The Rogers family’s reputation was about to be ruined!
They reached the back row.
Glenn cast a sweeping glance over the guests. There was no one he recognized apart from his granddaughter, Abigail, and Levi, the person he was going to kill in a while!
There was no one else he could recognize.
Anthony and Leo also felt the same way.
The people in the back row were barely allowed to join the celebration. To the Rogers family, these people were not required to be there.
There was really no one else they could recognize!
However, Kirin’s master was in the crowd!
Everyone grew anxious because the answer to their burning question was going to be revealed soon.
Abigail’s heart leaped to her throat as Kirin approached them.
Kirin stopped in his tracks all of a sudden.
Everyone held their breaths.
What was even more freakish was that Kirin happened to stop at the row where Levi and Abigail were in!
Abigail felt as though she had won the lottery.
Is he actually in this row?
She looked intensely at Levi.
