Zoey shook her head, “It cannot be helped. It is true that they are superior! Everyone is in silent agreement!”
Levi frowned, “We are in mighty Erudia. Since when did they become more superior than us?”
“It cannot be helped! Foreigners are welcomed everywhere! Those international students are treated so well in terms of welfare benefits! Moreover, many girls like meeting these international students. When they see foreigners around, they get so excited to hang out with them!”
“This is a common phenomenon, so even if you find it unfair, it cannot be helped.”
Zoey shrugged her shoulders.
It was a recent phenomenon.
In some cases, when people participated in biddings, they focused on the fact that the companies were owned by foreigners instead of looking at the strength and future prospects of the companies.
A coldness shone in Levi’s eyes.
“Oh yes, I plan to buy a house for Dad with this money. However, the old house is under his name. He also wants to put the old house under Mum’s name tomorrow at the Housing Authority. What do you think?” Zoey asked.
“It’s your own money, so you can decide what you want to do with it.”
Aaron arrived at the Housing Authority the next morning.
There was a long queue at the entrance of the Housing Authority.
He queued for almost an hour before it was his turn.
When Aaron entered with the document in his hands, two people rushed in front of him and jumped the queue.
“Hey, hey, hey, what are you doing? You are jumping the queue!” Aaron yelled.
The two tall men in front turned around to look at him. They were foreigners.
With a sneer, they flipped him off.
“Stay away from us!”
Aaron was momentarily stunned.
He had queued for almost an hour. Not only was his turn skipped, but he was also yelled at and insulted!
This is pure bullying!
Aaron was not the only one who was unhappy.
The people behind him were also upset.
What right do they have to jump queue?
Everyone was patiently waiting for their turn, so what gave them the right to jump the queue?
It was the peak period. There were at least 70 to 80 people behind Aaron.
The two people had jumped the queue as soon as they arrived. They even had the audacity to cut to the front of the line, angering many people in the queue!
“Queue from the back! Don’t cut the queue!”
“Go to the back right now!”
“Regardless of your background, go and join the end of the queue!”
Everyone yelled and shouted at the two foreigners.
It caused a public outrage.
However, the two foreigners were unbothered and did not even bother to turn around.
Seeing that many people were also upset and on his side, Aaron grew more courageous and went forward to shove the men.
The two of them turned around.
One of them said, expressing his displeasure, “What do you want?”
“You cannot just cut in as you please! Walk to the back and join the queue from there! Do you not see all the people in the queue?” Aaron spoke coldly.
The others chimed in, “Yes, go to the back of the line! You have no special privileges! You are just like us!”
The two foreigners sneered, “Hmph! We have never joined any queues since we arrived in Erudia, alright? We have special privileges and are given priority in whatever we do! Besides, our matters are more important than all of yours!”
“What do you mean by priority? Who said that? You need to queue up no matter where you go! What is so important? Quickly, join the queue at the back!” Everyone shouted.
“It’s my turn next! The two of you, go to the back!”
Aaron stepped forward with his document, prepared to enter the Housing Authority.
However, he was stopped by the two foreigners.
One of them snatched Aaron’s document away from him and mercilessly tore it into strips.
