“Who is this person, Grandpa?” Zoey asked.
“I don’t know. But we were informed that he’s someone who has pursued you before. As long as you marry him, he’ll pay the three hundred million for us and he promises that the Lopez family will be worry-free for life,” Harry said.
Aaron and Caitlyn looked at each other, their eyes brimming with joy at the blessing in disguise and at Zoey’s remarriage to a super-rich man.
“Go on then! Mr. Enzo has changed his mind and is only giving us one day. If you’re late, Levi will lose all his fingers!” Harry prodded.
Hearing that, Zoey accepted the keycard and dashed out.
Naturally, these were all Oswald’s arrangements.
It was he who gave them that three hundred million check. In his opinion, it was equivalent to not spending a single cent as the money would be returned to him after the Lopez family gave the check to Enzo.
Not only could he turn Levi into a cripple and hound him to death, but he could also get Zoey; it was simply the most profitable business.
With an apprehensive heart, Zoey finally arrived at the hotel.
She knew what it signified, but the primary purpose at present was to pay back the money quickly and relieve Levi of his sufferings.
And only by meeting the said person would he solve their problems.
Arriving at the designated presidential suite, Zoey took a deep breath before opening the door.
Standing in front of the French windows in the vast living room was a man whose back Zoey felt was familiar.
When he turned around, Zoey was stunned.
“Oswald, it’s you?” she asked in disbelief.
She had thought it would be someone else. After all, Oswald had never harassed her for the past six years. He would have made his move long ago if he wanted to have her.
“Are you wondering why I haven’t been looking for you for the past six years?” Oswald said, seeing through Zoey’s mind as he adjusted his gold-rimmed spectacles.
Zoey nodded.
“The truth is—I’ve been watching you all this time during these six years—our number one beauty of North Hampton. I wanted to see how long you two can last, but I didn’t expect you to hold on for six years,” Oswald sneered.
“You set up the whole thing about my dad losing money?” Zoey asked, remembering the matter suddenly.
“How could you say that? No one forced him to gamble.” Oswald shrugged.
“You… You’re a scoundrel!” said Zoey angrily.
“Just give up, Zoey! If I could destroy you people six years ago, I can do it again!” Oswald cackled with laughter.
Thunderstruck, Zoey gazed at Oswald incredulously. “You did that six years ago?”
Oswald sniggered. “How do you think the Garrison family could overthrow Levi six years ago?”
Zoey was as angry as hell upon learning that piece of information.
“I’m giving you two options, Zoey. One, strip naked and lie on the bed. Two, leave now, but it will be disastrous for Levi. His fingers and toes will be chopped off, but I can’t say if he’ll choose to jump off the cliff in the end!”
Oswald’s lips curved into a malicious smile at the thought that his goals of forcing Levi to death and having Zoey get into his bed were about to be achieved.
Zoey was utterly floored.
Oswald had planned everything beforehand, and she was left with no choice but to listen to him. Otherwise, Levi would be either crippled or dead.
