Harry hurriedly went to look for the mortgage documents, but he soon realized all the documents were stolen.
“I was wondering to myself why Aaron sneaked into the house last night. So he came here to steal the documents!” Henry said angrily.
“You better pay me 300 million as soon as possible, now that I own all your properties and business. I will have the court to confiscate these possessions if you do not cough up the money!” Enzo urged the Lopez family in a joyful manner.
Harry Lopez did not say a word. I had not distributed the Lopez family’s inheritance previously. So Aaron’s IOU is legally binding because of his status as my descendant.
“You son of a b*tch, Aaron Lopez!” Harry was seething with rage.
“You have one day to return the money to me. Otherwise, I’m sure you know what consequences await you.” Enzo left after he spoke.
All hell broke loose in the Lopez family.
“Let’s go to Aaron’s place right away!”
Aaron and Caitlyn were about to depart from their house at sunrise.
Bang, bang, bang…
Someone banged on their door impatiently.
A group of people rushed into the house with Harry leading the way after Aaron unlocked the door. He slapped his son across the face without a second thought. “What a dumb son I have! What have you done?” Then Harry slapped Aaron a few more times.
“You… You already know, Father?” Aaron asked timidly while covering his face.
“A bunch of people came to stir up a ruckus at the family house early in the morning. What do you think?” Harry panted heavily.
Fabian said with a grimace, “You better start talking.”
Henry sneered. “I heard you lost the money because you gambled again? You are just like your son-in-law, always failing to correct your bad habits!”
Harry fixated his eyes on Aaron. “I’ll chop off your ears if you do not explain everything clearly today!”
Aaron glanced at Caitlyn before he began. “This is all Levi Garrison’s fault!”
“What? How is this matter related to him?” Harry asked in surprise.
Aaron nodded. “Levi lost the money because he went to the casino. I had no other choice but to steal the documents because they wanted to kill Levi on the spot!”
He knew his family would beat him up if he informed them of the truth while their anger was at the boiling point. So he placed all the blame on Levi instead.
They did not trust Aaron’s words at that moment, so everyone turned to look at Caitlyn.
Caitlyn said through her gritted teeth, “That’s right. It’s all because of Levi Garrison. Aaron has already quit gambling for 6 years now. Levi has been gambling because he wants to become rich. Do you still remember the money we paid back previously, Father?”
Harry nodded. “Of course. Don’t tell me that Levi earned that 5 million through gambling?”
Caitlyn nodded. “That’s right. He did not borrow the money but got it through gambling. This time, he lost 300 million.”
Henry questioned her, “But I verified this myself. He really did borrow the money.”
Caitlyn responded with a question on her own, “Do you think he can borrow that large amount of money without anything to mortgage, Henry?”
Henry understood instantaneously. “Now I get it. The bank loaned him the money because he has the capability to return the money through gambling!”
Caitlyn’s speech convinced every member of the Lopez family.
Aaron gave his wife a thumbs-up internally. She’s brilliant! We’ve successfully placed all the blame on Levi with that perfect excuse.
Aaron seized the moment and said, “Don’t you see why Levi is not here? That’s because he fled in advance!”
Harry was infuriated to his limits. “I’m going to kill you, Levi Garrison!”
“Let’s go and find Levi now!” Everyone left angrily.
