“Oh? It’s you?”
Levi recognized Chloe as well.
Chloe was Levi’s high school classmate. She was one of the most beautiful and popular girls in the school, with plenty of admirers pursuing her.
Chloe had tried to pursue Levi in the past, but Levi rejected her.
After high school, Chloe merely entered a normal university and ceased all contact with Levi.
But she kept herself updated about Levi’s news.
Chloe was especially grateful for Levi’s rejection after she heard about his imprisonment. I’d be so embarrassed if we got together back then. I’m feeling mixed emotions facing him in person now, but I am feeling more excited than ever. I finally have the opportunity to flaunt my achievements in Levi’s face! I want him to regret his decision of rejecting me!
“When were you released from prison?” Chloe asked.
“A fortnight ago!” Levi answered.
“Ahh, you were once the most successful upstart in North Hampton’s business world. Such a pity you were sent behind bars. Otherwise, you might have become one of the richest men in this city. I remember I once confessed to you because you were so excellent and extraordinary. But you rejected me. I wonder if you will accept me now if I confess to you again? Hehehe…” Chloe lamented.
“What? You’re an outstanding person now, Manager! You are the manager of Bayview Garden Real Estate Agency, as well as the top sales agent! You’re earning a couple million a year, and you have your own house and luxurious car! Not to mention your captivating beauty. He’s not good enough for someone like you.”
“He must be regretting his decision of rejecting your confession back in the day! He may even offer himself up to you, now that he’s released from prison.”
“You’re too good for someone like him, Manager. He is just a lowly person compared to you!”
…
The other sales agents were experienced and quick to assess the situation. They understood Chloe’s intention immediately after she spoke. So all of them cooperated in her scheme.
Levi gazed at the employee’s tag on Chloe’s chest. She is the manager of Bayview Garden Real Estate Agency. I guess Chloe is a competent person in her profession.
Chloe said with a smile, “With my academic qualifications, I have no other choice but to become a sales agent. Although my achievements and a monthly salary of a few million may be insignificant compared to your earnings in the past, I am still doing better than you currently are…”
Chloe deliberately left her sentence hanging in an attempt to scorn Levi. She could not feel more pleased, looking at Levi’s pitiful appearance. He was once the cream of the crop among our peers but look at him now. This must be fate.
Levi smiled. “Indeed, you looked like you’re doing well for yourself!”
Chloe pretended as if a thought popped into her mind. “Oh right. We are having a high school reunion on the 7th of this month. Are you coming? If you are, please don’t feel inferior by that time. It is a virtue to celebrate another friend’s success, after all.”
“High school reunion? Sure. I’ll be there.” Levi nodded.
“That’s great.” Chloe’s cheerful smile did not reflect her disappointment in Levi inwardly.
In Chloe’s opinion, Levi merely wanted to attend the reunion to butter up their ex-classmates.
She grinned. “Oh, are you here to purchase a house? I’m afraid that the cheapest unit available here will cost you at least thirty million, even if I provide you with all the offers and discounts I can. Why don’t you consider houses that are around three million instead? You should be able to afford that. However, you will have to look for properties outside of North Hampton for houses in that price range!”
