Bang!
Crackle!
“Ugh…”
Despite being at the top of their class, the thugs at the casino were not at the same level as the mercenaries who had been in and out of the battlefield all year round.
They were all knocked down in less than a minute, unable to deal with James and his mercenaries’ mortal blows.
While the thugs bathed in blood, their faces disfigured, Enzo was the last man standing.
“Beat him!” Levi ordered expressionlessly.
James grabbed Enzo’s face and punched him hard. After seven to eight consecutive blows, Enzo’s face sank in and was beyond recognition.
The shrill cries like those of a pig being slaughtered reverberated in the small and dark room.
They’d never expected Levi to have so many bodyguards with extremely high combat effectiveness following him.
“Well, what did I say?” Levi scoffed, looking condescendingly at the battered thugs.
“Now, spit it out!”
After being forced to take Aaron’s place, Levi figured out that instead of investigating, he might as well use violence to make these people speak.
“I can’t,” Enzo said in fear. “I’ll be as good as dead.”
“Beat him! Beat him until he speaks up!” Levi said coldly.
James and the others were militant and enjoyed crushing their enemies. At his command, they grew more violent, giving Enzo the most terrible beating.
Until everyone was beaten half dead, Enzo raised his arms to surrender. “I’ll speak! I’ll tell you everything!”
James yanked him toward Levi.
“I-It was Howard Corbyn of Levi Group! We were forced into this!” Enzo confessed, but not daring to mention Oswald’s name.
However, Levi knew at once that it was Oswald.
He glanced at the camera on the table and chuckled. “It was he who asked you to film the chopping of my fingers?”
“Yes!”
Enzo nodded.
Levi gave James a look. He immediately understood as he pinned Enzo to the table and put his hand on it, slowly lifting the sharp knife.
Next to him, another mercenary took the camera.
“No! No!”
Sensing the situation, Enzo yelled at the top of his lungs.
“AAAAARRRGH!”
Then he let out a terrible scream.
Thereafter, Levi asked Enzo to send out the video, which Howard showed to Oswald upon receiving it.
“Hahaha… Did you hear his scream? I can’t believe a human is capable of making that sound!”
Oswald had a good laugh.
“Howard, send this video anonymously to everyone in the Lopez family, including Zoey,” he instructed.
Very soon, everyone in the Lopez family received the video.
Seeing that the person in the video had his fingers chopped off brutally, Aaron felt a flash of terror, his expression turning for the worse.
“Damn! That was too scary! Thank God that wasn’t me!”
“They really mean it!” Caitlyn got the scare of her life, and so did Harry and the others.
Zoey, who was still on the hunt for a solution, almost threw her phone to the ground after looking at the footage that she had received suddenly.
“Dad’s fingers were chopped off? Was he trying to comfort me when he said that it was postponed for a few days?”
Zoey quickly made a call. “Dad, what happened to you? Are you okay?”
“I’m fine,” Aaron said.
“Then who was it who had his fingers chopped off?” Zoey asked in confusion.
“I-It was Levi…” Aaron faltered.
“What? Levi? How could it be?”
