The guests were from all walks of life, covering the military, political, and business circles. They were all bigwigs in their respective areas.
It was a testament to the Rogers family’s wide network and sphere of influence.
The empty front row seats were reserved for the ceremony’s VIPs, who were usually the last to arrive.
Members of the Rogers family had all taken their seats. The scene was a perfect representation of the wealthy and powerful being in a class of its own.
Roaring cheers could be heard when the celebrities, including Yelda Zamora and Zak Copland, made their appearances. The enthusiasm of the crowd was pushed to a climax.
After the celebrities settled down, Glenn Rogers walked up on stage and said a few words of welcome.
Following his opening speech, Glenn said impassionedly, “Now, let us welcome our heavyweight guests of the night…”
“I’m proud to say that the following 20 guests whom I’m about to introduce, are all my mentees throughout my military career.”
“First, let us welcome Steven Shaw, Colonel of the First Regiment of North Hampton!”
“Now, let us welcome Yash Warner, Captain of the Kirin Special Operations Force of North Hampton!”
“Third, we have Warren Klein, Commander of the Special Warfare Command of West Lakebran!”
“Fourth, we have Gilbert Hawkins, District Governor of El Swepel in North Hampton!”
“Fifth, let’s welcome Danny Heath, North Hampton’s Minister of Commerce!”
The crowd was exuberant, and everyone clapped loudly as Glenn introduced his former mentees.
The man’s protégés were scattered all over the country, and all of them were at the pinnacle of their lives and careers.
Around 20 of them were commanders or held equivalent positions, while at least 50 of them were higher-ups in the military or political circles.
Everyone, including the rich and powerful, stood in awe of those former protégés of Glenn.
Each of them was a formidable force not to be trifled with!
With so many outstanding individuals who were previously under the Rogers family’s wing, it was almost impossible to gauge the immeasurable influence of the family.
Every member of the Rogers family was proud to be one of the Rogers.
Glenn was definitely the proudest person among everyone in attendance as he presented his mentees, who were all successes in their own rights.
That was what the Rogers family was made of!
There was no one in North Hampton who would dare to pit themselves against the Rogers family.
The dozens of celebrities who attended the event were proof of the Rogers family’s wealth, while the high-ranking military and government officials demonstrated the family’s vast network.
Witnessing the star-studded occasion, Leo Watson sneered and said, “Look at this grandeur, Levi is definitely no match for the Rogers family.”
May and Yoyo, who were also stunned by the impressive scene, readily agreed. “Honestly, the Rogers family could be considered the most powerful family in the country. What we are currently seeing may not even be a fraction of what they are really made of! They are already beyond the level of conventional riches. It seems like they are truly the creme de la creme of the country! I highly doubt that there would be anyone who would get the better of that family!”
After Steven Shaw and the remaining guests were seated, the front row seats were almost fully filled.
But the center seat was still vacant.
Everyone knew very well who that special chair was reserved for.
It was none other than the Kirin King of War!
In extremely high spirits, Glenn Rogers announced in a bright voice, “Now, ladies and gentlemen, let’s give the loudest round of applause to welcome the legendary God of War of Erudia, one of the Five Great Wars Regiment, the Kirin King of War!”
Clap! Clap! Clap!
The audience responded with thunderous applause.
The Rogers family would definitely have their status elevated even further after today, with the Kirin King of War gracing the ceremony.
Under the crowd’s expectant gazes, Kirin entered the venue, flanked by Anthony, Leo, and a few others.
Everyone was thrilled to be able to see the Kirin King of War in person!
As Abigail had already been in the man’s presence previously, she did not feel the same excitement as the rest of the people.
Levi smiled and said, “Look what a grand welcome Kirin has received!”
What baffled many was that, Kirin was donning his military uniform. With a dignified and domineering air surrounding him, the man looked truly majestic and powerful.
The other military officers, such as Steven Shaw, who made their appearances before Kirin, were all dressed in suits. None of them came in their military uniforms.
After all, they were attending a private event, and it did not seem appropriate to be decked out in military uniforms.
As such, it was mystifying to majority of the attendees that the Kirin King of War had donned his uniform.
It was as if he was out on a mission instead of attending a joyous ceremony.
However, Glenn and the rest did not dwell on it.
They even thought that the man’s choice of dressing was a great idea, as it made him look more dignified, intimidating, and revered.
At the same time, it also showed the rest of the guests that being a part of the event meant serious business for Kirin.
This could only benefit the Rogers family, as it created an illusion that, instead of being specifically invited as a guest, Kirin was already on friendly terms with the family, and had specially come to show support for the event!
