Aaron was oblivious to the incoming danger that awaited him. He was enjoying himself to his heart’s content at that moment.
He had won for a few consecutive rounds and earned roughly 100 thousand. On his 10th straight win, Aaron’s earnings accumulated to a few million.
Alex and the others persuaded Aaron to continue with his gambling. “You’re too lucky today, Aaron! Go on! Let’s go big! 10 million is easily achievable with your insane luck tonight!”
A gambling addict caught up in his moment of glory often lost his ability to think rationally. Aaron was confident he could bring home 10 million by the time he was done gambling that night.
Zoey and Levi were startled awake by the ringing from their phones in the middle of the night.
Caitlyn had dialed their numbers relentlessly.
Zoey was wide awake the moment she answered the call. “What? Oh my God!”
Her face went paper-white as the phone slipped out of her hand and fell onto the floor with a thud.
Levi asked immediately, “What’s wrong?”
Zoey sobbed. “Father went to the casino and lost 300 million. He’s being detained right now because he was caught cheating.”
“What? 300 million? How did he lose so much money?” Levi frowned. Something’s wrong. Someone must have set a trap for Aaron.
“Where is he?” Levi added.
“I don’t know. Let’s meet up with Mom for now.”
Caitlyn was already tear-stricken by the time Levi and Zoey arrived.
Levi floored the accelerator toward the underground casino after Caitlyn informed them of the location.
The atmosphere inside the casino was unbearable. Deafening noises and cigarette smoke lingered in the air.
A few muscular men came in front of Levi, Zoey, and Caitlyn. “Who are you people?” They inquired fiercely.
Levi stated the aim of their visit directly. “We are here to look for Aaron Lopez.”
“Oh. You are that cheater’s family. Follow me.” They led Levi and the others to the second floor.
Levi sounded the situation out in the meantime. “What happened here, actually?”
“Aaron Lopez cheated after he started to lose money. Then we caught him red-handed. How dare he cheats after losing 300 million to the casino? We need to follow the rules here and chop off his fingers!” One of the men sneered.
Zoey and Caitlyn were frightened as their faces turned to the shade of chalk.
More than 10 men stood menacingly inside a large private room on the second floor with batons in their hands.
Levi, Zoey, and Caitlyn caught the distinctive smell of blood the moment they entered the room.
A person was lying on the floor in a curled position. His body twitched faintly in a pool of blood.
“Dad! Aaron!” Zoey and Caitlyn rushed forward when they recognized the person to be Aaron Lopez.
Levi grimaced when he saw how terribly beaten Aaron was.
“Save me! Save me, please!” Aaron yelped fearfully when he saw his family.
The few thugs surrounded Levi and the others instantaneously.
A scary-looking man sat on the sofa with a gold necklace around his neck, dressed in a leopard-printed shirt.
He tossed a cigarette butt on the floor and crushed it with his foot. Then he looked up. “Are you Aaron Lopez’s family members?”
“Yes. That’s right. He’s my father-in-law.” Levi met that man’s eyes.
“Let me introduce myself. I am the owner of this casino. My name is Enzo Fielder. Everyone refers to me as Mr. Enzo.”
Enzo pointed at Aaron. “Your father-in-law lost 300 million to the casino and tried to trick us. According to the rules of this casino, he will have to settle the 300 million debt and let us chop off all 10 of his fingers to settle the score. Otherwise, he’s going to die here! Hehe!” Enzo threatened Levi and the others.
Zoey and Caitlyn were trembling in a terror-stricken manner.
Aaron cowered in Caitlyn’s arms as his body quaked uncontrollably.
