Aaron said immediately, “Actually, the more powerful they are, the more likely they are willing to make peace. They also pay more attention to morality and etiquette. If not, would they be able to remain in their current positions?”
Caitlyn also nodded her head, “Yes, that’s right. These important figures are reasonable and easy to talk to!”
Zoey felt that something was fishy, but she could not put a finger on it.
She knew that Levi could not compare to the Rogers family in terms of status and ranking.
“Next, let’s prepare ourselves to attend your grandmother’s birthday party. We need to choose some exquisite gifts for her! Let’s brainstorm for a suitable gift and buy it on another day!” Caitlyn emphasized the importance of her mother’s birthday party.
Aaron thought the same. As the son-in-law of the Black family, it would be great if he could shine at the birthday party.
Aaron and Caitlyn were very confident after receiving the huge sum from the Rogers family.
Everything was back to normal. Zoey’s project was starting to take flight again.
There were numerous companies who requested for a collaboration.
After all, with the development of the Ecological Park, there would be markets for the catering of food and beverages, accommodation, and the like.
Companies that were fast and efficient could take advantage of the opportunities available.
“Oh yes, Levi, I will have to attend a meeting to discuss the collaboration in the afternoon. A foreign catering company intends to work with us on western cuisine! Would you like to go?” Zoey asked in the morning.
“Go ahead with the collaboration. I have other things to attend to.”
It was because Levi really had some serious matters to deal with.
Azure Dragon and the others informed him about it.
He arrived at the manor where Azure Dragon and the others lived.
Phoenix approached him with a document.
“Reporting to you, God of War! The Dragon legion of the Iron Brigade has successfully completed its mission and evacuated the frontline. According to the protocol, we will now retreat to the neighboring province of the South War Zone to rest and reorganize! Please give us your orders!” Phoenix reported to Levi.
Levi glanced at the document and nodded, “Alright, let Dragon legion rest and reorganize. Wait for my next orders!”
As the commander-in-chief of the Ninth War Zone, Levi had the responsibility and the power to mobilize the guards.
However, the guards he usually deployed to the frontier battlefields were from the Iron Brigade. He had personally trained them.
The Iron Brigade was divided into several teams. Dragon legion’s combat skills were top-notch. They were the most powerful!
Dragon legion had been fighting at the border for two years in a row, so it was high time for them to rest and reorganize themselves.
“This is quite timely. I will be heading to South City to attend Zoey’s grandmother’s birthday party soon. I will head to South War Zone then!” Levi said.
“That is really good news! The guards from the Dragon legion would like to meet you!” Phoenix beamed.
After returning home that night, Zoey told Levi that the collaboration went well and was successful.
Fick Group sealed the collaboration after putting in a deposit of 30 million.
This was the first sum of money Zoey received for the project.
She gave Levi a card.
“What are you doing?” Levi was stunned.
“Didn’t you borrow 5 million last time? Return the money quickly!”
It turned out that Zoey always had this in mind.
“Alright then, I will keep it.”
Levi kept the card. He then started to look at Fick Group’s contract.
He found out that it was a member of the North Hampton Chamber of Commerce.
“This is a company owned by foreigners. They are given such preferential treatment in terms of the area and policy! The conditions are much better than the domestic companies!” Levi sighed.
It seemed that this area attracted foreigners to come and develop, with policies giving them great access and preferential treatment.
There were even times when they had direct access to certain areas.
Zoey laughed, “Do you only know about this now? It has always been like this! These foreigners always have special privileges when they set up businesses in our country. It cannot be helped!”
Levi grew serious, “Are they so superior? What a joke!”
