Pamela and her husband’s faces turned white upon hearing the news. “What? Poor body condition? Not qualified to participate in the training camp? Is there a mix-up here?” They were caught in utter disbelief. We know Will’s capabilities well. He is definitely strong enough to take part in the training camp.
The door was pushed open again while they fell into a daze.
Two waiters brought Will into the room as he lay on a stretcher. Two men from the army followed behind them. They were tasked to send Will back.
“He’s really here. What happened?” Pamela asked in a hurry.
But Will saw Levi from the corner of his eyes when he was about to speak.
“Argh…” He passed out again.
The soldiers sneered. “Look at that. This is the eighth time he fainted. How can he participate in the training camp in that condition?”
They were puzzled as well. What’s wrong with him? He blacked out whenever we mentioned the God of War. But this time, he fainted before anyone said anything.
Pamela talked to one of the soldiers. “Is there any chance for Will Ramos to reenter the training camp?”
“I’m afraid that’s not possible. He passed out in front of the God of War. That’s considered an offensive act. The King of War, Kirin, is very displeased with him. I believe that Will Ramos’ career is ruined from today onwards.” The soldier answered honestly.
“He disrespected the God of War. That’s a gutsy move!” The other soldier added sarcastically.
Pamela and Bailey were unsettled by the soldier’s elaboration. Did he offend the God of War? Even the Rogers family and the Black family do not have the courage to do that.
No one had the interest to continue with the meal after the soldiers left.
Will regained consciousness after some time.
He was about to pass out again when he saw Levi after he woke up. But Levi quickly ordered, “Don’t faint again.”
Will finally recomposed himself, but his face was filled with terror and his mind was blank.
“What happened, child?” Pamela asked.
“I… I saw the God of War…” Will stammered.
“But why did you pass out?” Bailey and Pamela were caught in perplexity.
“That’s because the God of War is…”
Will looked at Levi in fright as he spoke.
He wanted to inform them of the truth about Levi’s identity, but the words stuck in his throat.
The privacy rules of the army surfaced in his mind. I will be exposing classified information protected by the army if I tell them about the God of War’s identity.
Everyone gazed at Levi as well. A thought popped into their minds. Perhaps he’s trying to tell us that Levi is the God of War? The resemblance between the man seated inside the car and Levi is too uncanny…
They waited for Will to complete his sentence anxiously.
Finally, Will uttered, “The God of War is my idol. My body is weak, so I fainted when I saw him. I am a huge embarrassment to everyone.”
“Oh, I see. You almost scared me there. I thought you’re trying to tell us that Levi is the God of War.” Pamela breathed a sigh of relief.
“That’s fine. Take a good rest to recover your health. You don’t have to participate in the training camp anymore.” Pamela consoled him.
Bailey eyed Levi and asked the question in his mind, “Did you see him at the training base today, Will?”
“Yes!” Will gave Levi a look with complicated emotions in his eyes.
“What? So you really went?” Pamela and the others were in disbelief.
“Mr. Black, Mdm. Rogers, please take me away for now. I would like to rest.”
