“You’re absolutely right, Levi!” Joseph and the others said in a hurry.
“I will not harm you because you used to be my grandpa and my foster parents. I am not an insensible person, but I will deprive the Garrison family of all possessions, especially my Levi Group!
I will also sever all ties with you from this moment onwards. Your fates will have nothing to do with me from now on. Also, don’t you dare try to do anything by quoting my name. Otherwise, all of you will face certain death!”
Levi’s judgment was simple enough to understand. The Garrison family was doomed. They were one of the wealthiest families in North Hampton, but Levi now turned them into an ordinary family without any power or money. That punishment was worse than death in their opinion.
Joseph and his family’s years of effort turned into dust with a single order from Levi. The Garrison family’s assets, worth up to billions, were taken away from them, leaving them with absolutely nothing. That sudden and drastic change was unacceptable and surreal to the Garrisons.
Levi looked at Jack Smith and the other underworld figures. He sneered. “All of you do not have to die. But you disrupted the peace at Morris’s grave. So you will kneel before him for one day and one night!”
“Yes. Yes! Everyone kneel!” All the thugs followed Jack Smith’s order and knelt.
“We will also turn this place into a proper cemetery dedicated to Mr. Morris Atkinson after this, sir!” Jack Smith offered.
Levi did not reject his proposal.
Finally, Levi addressed the 100 thousand soldiers. “Thank you for your hard work, brothers!”
“God of War!”
“God of War!”
“God of War!”
The battle without any casualties ended with the war cry.
Zoey did not know how long had passed, but she had cried her eyes out and fainted 3 times.
Aaron called Harry to ask about the situation.
Harry said, “I received an update saying the confrontation has ended. But no one exited the place or saw Levi anywhere. So I suppose he’s dead.”
Harry was concerned about Zoey’s condition because she was still handling that huge project. “How’s Zoey?”
“Zoey passed out for the third time, father!” Aaron answered helplessly.
Harry rebuked angrily, “What are you doing? Is that how you console her? Try harder! Levi’s death is a favorable outcome. In this way, Zoey can marry another person. If Samuel’s brothers are not good enough, then we will look for a better candidate. Bear this in mind. The Lopez family will thrive once Levi is out of the way.”
Harry almost laughed out loud on the other end of the phone. I can finally exploit Zoey and her family to my heart’s content with Levi gone.
Zoey gradually regained her consciousness after some time.
She questioned her parents while looking at them. “What’s the situation now? How’s Levi?”
Aaron sighed. “To be honest, I do not want to tell you this.”
“What’s going on, Dad? Hurry up and tell me!” Zoey grabbed Aaron’s arm.
“I received an update from your grandpa. Levi is dead!”
Zoey slumped onto the floor and shrieked hysterically after listening to her father. “Levi!”
