Levi was stunned after listening to Aaron. He looked at his father-in-law in disbelief. Is he blaming me for his own wrongdoings?
Zoey was slightly upset. “What are you saying, Dad? You caused this mess yourself. Levi has got nothing to do with this matter.”
“Don’t give me that nonsense! He could’ve paid for the 300 million debt easily if he’s as successful as before. But he doesn’t even have a single dime with him now!” Aaron stared at Levi hatefully. “Aren’t you capable? You said you’re acquainted with the God of War, right? Can you handle this mess now? You must divorce Zoey if you fail to take care of this matter. I am a man of my word!”
Aaron vented all his pent-up anger at Levi after the horrible experience he underwent.
Caitlyn glared at him. “What are you talking about? That’s not important. The most important thing is to find a way to collect 300 million as soon as possible. Let’s go home now!”
Enzo dialed a number after Levi and the others left. “I’ve executed your orders, Mr. Rogers.”
“Okay. You can pay Harry Lopez a visit directly after a few hours.” The person on the other end of the phone replied.
Aaron suggested when they arrived home, “Honey, only your brother, Bailey, can help us now. Let’s borrow money from them while they are still in the city!”
“You are only going to infuriate them for knocking on their doors in the middle of the night. We’ll wait until tomorrow before we do anything!” Caitlyn glowered at her husband.
Zoey asked her father with a grim expression, “What happened exactly, Dad?”
Aaron described everything in detail from the beginning. He had won multiple rounds consecutively and accumulated winnings up to 10 million initially. But when he seized the opportunity to gamble further, he began to lose…
“I realize now that I’ve been tricked. Alex and his friends are a group of bastards!” Aaron snarled.
Zoey nodded. “That was indeed a trap.”
“We have two ways of resolving this issue now. The first way is to return the money. The second method is to investigate this matter and find out the person who set you up. Personally, I think the second method is a wiser choice. We should investigate deeper before we pay them.” Levi offered his idea.
Aaron stared at him fiercely. “Are you suggesting that on purpose? Did you not listen to what they said? Now you’re telling me to wait and spend time to carry out an investigation? By the time we find out anything, I’ll be left fingerless and even toeless!”
“Alright, let’s not argue anymore. We’ll go to my brother’s place to borrow money from them come morning.” Caitlyn was displeased.
Levi left the house quietly afterward.
Zoey wanted to think of an alternative solution, so she left as well.
The next morning, everyone in the Lopez family was still sound asleep when someone busted the door open with a loud bang.
A group of burly men covered in tattoos rushed into the house in an imposing manner.
They went straight to the Lopez family’s living room.
Harry and the others hurriedly checked out the situation as they were startled by the commotion. All of them were frightened by the unwelcoming sight.
“What are you doing? You’re trespassing on private property, so don’t you dare do anything to us!” Harry bellowed in rage.
Enzo threw Aaron’s IOU at Harry without saying a word.
Harry and the others were shocked after reading the note. “What? Aaron owes you 300 million? He even mortgaged the Lopez family’s properties and business?”
Harry’s vision went black as he nearly fainted.
Enzo said with a smile, “That’s right. All the Lopez family’s possessions are mortgaged to me now, including this house. Aaron Lopez even brought me all the necessary documents, so we are simply following the legal procedures here.”
