Aaron drew in a deep breath after the Lopez family had left—they were safe for now.
“Whew—honey, you sure are smart!”
Aaron didn’t forget to give Caitlyn a word of compliment.
“Hurry up and go look for my brother and Pamela! Or you’ll be the one to lose a finger!” Caitlyn said as she rolled her eyes at him.
The two immediately rushed to the Mariott Hotel.
“Is there something you want for you to see us at this hour?” Pamela asked.
“Bailey, Pamela, I’ll cut to the chase then! We want to borrow three hundred million from you! We’re in need of money for our business!”
“Don’t worry about us not paying you back. You guys should know about Zoey’s project. It’s a project worth more than a billion. Three hundred million will definitely not be a problem!”
Aaron and Caitlyn went straight to the question of money.
Pamela and Bailey exchanged glances.
“We need to discuss this first!”
After half an hour, the two agreed to lend them three hundred million— mainly because Zoey’s project was guaranteed to succeed.
“That’s great!” Aaron was exhilarated.
However, at this moment, Pamela’s phone rang.
It was Oswald.
Pamela answered the call. “Oswald, what’s the matter?”
“Aunt Pamela, I have something to tell you…”
Pamela gave Aaron and Caitlyn a puzzled look. Her expression took on a drastic change the more she listened to Oswald.
“Okay, I got it. I won’t lend it then!”
After hanging up the phone, Pamela snapped, “You people were lying? Do you really need money for your business? Aaron, you’ve lost three hundred million from gambling, didn’t you?!”
“Get lost, now!” Bailey’s fury sprang to life when he learned about the truth. “Come see us again only after you settled your debt!”
Then the couple kicked Aaron and Caitlyn out, leaving them stupefied.
Why did they change their mind after answering one phone call?
“What do we do now?”
Aaron sweated with anxiety.
On the other side, Zoey was trying to find a solution as well, but the most she could come up with was fifty million.
She was at her wits’ end, as they had already invested the rest of the money in the project.
Besides, the project would have to be suspended as well if she took that fifty million away.
It was to check on this matter that Levi had left early this morning.
However, the strange thing was that the other party clearly didn’t cheat. It was Aaron who lost the money after gambling with an expert.
It was clearly a deception, yet it was seamless.
There must be something fishy. I can definitely find out the truth if I call the cops, but Aaron will have to be imprisoned, and Zoey will be heartbroken if that happens.
Levi didn’t want that to see that. He could have easily paid up that three hundred million, but he wanted to find out the mastermind behind this scheme first.
Everyone had thought of every possible way, but they just couldn’t get the money together.
Dread gnawed at Aaron’s insides at the thought of having his fingers chopped off tomorrow.
“Honey, what should I do? Think of something! I don’t want to have my fingers chopped off!” Aaron shouted anxiously.
Caitlyn creased her brows. “I heard Zoey will contact major investors next to borrow money, but I’m afraid it’ll take a little longer. Probably a few days.”
“Few days? I don’t have a few days! My fingers will be chopped off in a few days, that’s for sure!”
Aaron got all sweaty.
“So find someone to replace you during these few days.”
There was a bright light in Aaron’s eyes. “You mean I should put Levi on the spot and have his fingers chopped off on my behalf?”
“Who else do you think if not Levi? You’ve thrown the blame on him, anyway!”
Caitlyn gave him an angry stare.
Aaron nodded in approval. “That’s right! He’s just a good-for-nothing. What’s the big deal with having his fingers chopped off? He has to rely on us to feed him, anyway! That’s going to be the biggest contribution he’s ever made for the family!”
