“What? Divorce? I’m all for it! I fully support a divorce for the both of them!”
Abigail raised her hand eagerly.
“Huh?”
Her reaction drew a quizzical look on everyone’s faces.
Even Levi was baffled by her gesture.
Abigail hastily waved her hands in denial when she saw the pairs of eyes staring at her, “Oh, I was just joking.”
I would gladly become Levi’s bride if Zoey would divorce him! She thought to herself.
When night fell, Caitlyn demoted Levi to the couch, “Abigail will sleep in Zoey’s room. So you’re going to have to sleep on the couch.”
“Why don’t I take the couch instead, Aunt Caitlyn?” Abigail felt bad about it.
“How could we let you sleep on the couch?”
Caitlyn turned and scorned at Levi, “You should know that we are no longer living in the big house with those enormous rooms that we used to have. What’s the problem with sleeping on the couch? Do you think we could rely on you to give us a better life? Zoey is our only hope now.”
“Aunt Caitlyn, actually…” Abigail hesitated if she should tell Caitlyn the truth.
She knew it was well within Levi’s means to get them a bigger house. I mean, just look at the car he was driving? It was a Maserati Executive GT that could be worth more than a house!
Levi could have easily bought them a villa, or even two, Abigail reckoned.
“Actually what? what are you trying to say, Abigail?”
Caitlyn stared at her, looking puzzled.
“Oh, actually it’s nothing important.” Abigail shrugged, “Goodnight, Aunt Caitlyn.”
The next morning.
Despite being the National holidays, Zoey could hardly get a breather from her project. Even Aaron had to put down everything to give her a hand. Caitlyn was out too. She had gone to the hospital since she was on duty that day.
They left it to Levi to take Abigail around for a spin.
“Come on, Levi. Why don’t we go for a spin?”
Abigail suggested, leaning close to Levi.
“I’d rather stay at home.” Levi said lazily, “It’s full of people everywhere.”
He was still lying on the couch.
“Let me take you to a fun place!”
“Come on, get up, Levi…”
…
Abigail came up with several suggestions to tempt Levi to get out of the house. But nothing worked.
“By the way, what present did you get for Zoey’s birthday?” Abigail asked curiously, “You know her birthday is coming up in two days’ time right?”
“Oh yes! It’s time to prepare something for Zoey’s birthday!”
“Okay, come with me!” Levi got up immediately from the couch.
Abigail grimaced and pouted her lips with displeasure.
The all fired up Levi was a stark comparison to the disinterested look on his face just minutes ago, with his lackluster response to her every suggestion.
But the mention of Zoey’s birthday sprang him into action at once, as if it had filled him with renewed vigor.
Azure Dragon had been waiting outside to deliver the car Levi had specifically asked for today. It was an Audi R8 sports car.
“This is unbelievable, Levi! Another luxurious car? I’m sure this Audi R8 exclusive model could easily cost up to three million.”
Abigail had an excellent knowledge about luxury cars since she had worked as a model for car exhibitions before.
She had seen almost every kind of luxury car.
“Stop saying nonsense. Get in the car now!”
Levi stepped on the pedal and the car whizzed off like a rocket.
Inside the car.
Abigail’s eyes never left Levi.
“Why do you keep staring at me?”
Abigail’s gaze was making Levi uneasy.
“Why don’t you get a divorce, Levi?” Abigail suggested, “That way, you won’t have to put up with Zoey and her family again. Look at how they have treated you.”
“So you want me to stay single for the rest of my life?” Levi quipped.
“That’s not what I mean! You could marry me after you’ve divorced Zoey! Can’t you see that I’m as pretty as her, not to mention I’m so much younger too? Why don’t you consider me instead?”
Abigail pressed herself closer to Levi, which gave him the goosebumps.
This girl is bold and even aggressive.
“Why don’t you give me a chance, Levi? I got the looks and the body, and I am really gentle and loving. Not to mention you know how I idolize you…”
Abigail bared her long and slender legs as she inched closer to Levi.
