Steve looked at Zoey and said, “I heard about that Ecological Park project you’re working on. That’s indeed an impressive accomplishment. Keep working hard then.”
“Thank you, Uncle Steve.” Zoey nodded.
June was friendlier in comparison. With a smile on her face, she said, “Zoey is clearly a competent girl.”
Caitlyn seized the opportunity to curry some favor from June and Steve by asking them to help their daughter whenever possible. After all, Steve is extremely authoritative in the field of business.
Steve looked at Levi displeasingly. “Of course we’re willing to help your daughter, but have you thought about how others will see us if we assist someone that is not related to us?”
Everyone knew Steve was implying for Zoey to become his daughter-in-law.
June added with a smile. “After all, we have rules to follow in our family. All our family members must have proper conduct and manners.”
June was informing everyone indirectly that Zoey can be accepted into the Nash family as long as she completely severs her relationship with Levi.
Aaron responded immediately. “We understand that. How else did you manage to raise an extraordinary kid like Theo here?”
“Come on, It’s almost time now. We should head straight for the hotel.” Theo said.
“Hm. Let’s go.” Steve nodded sternly.
“Hold on!” Levi voiced out all of a sudden.
“What’s the matter? You have something to say?” Everyone looked at him simultaneously.
Levi looked at Zoey. “Zoey, actually, I’ve prepared a birthday banquet for you at a restaurant. Let me bring you there.”
Caitlyn said impatiently. “Hmph! So what? Theo arranged a banquet at Kempinski Hotel! One table there costs over a hundred thousand. I’m sure the place you’ve reserved paled in comparison to that.”
Theo smiled politely at Levi. “I’m afraid Zoey won’t be able to go to the banquet that you’ve prepared. I will suffer a loss of over a hundred thousand if we do not attend the banquet at Kempinski Hotel. Let me reimburse you the money, perhaps a few thousand is sufficient?”
Steve glared at Levi in dissatisfaction.
Levi returned Theo’s smile. “My loss will be greater than yours.”
“Oh? Which restaurant did you booked? I reserved the VIP private room at Kempinski Hotel with a minimum spending of one hundred and twenty thousand.” Theo was curious.
Everyone gazed at Levi too.
“I made a reservation at North Hampton City Center’s Revolving Restaurant.” Levi answered.
“What? That restaurant requires a one month advance booking before the desired date. There’s also a need to place a deposit in addition to the ridiculously expensive pricing.” Theo was astonished.
“Indeed. I heard of that restaurant. Only the wealthiest people in the society and famous stars dine in that place. It’s not uncommon for a dish to cost over a hundred thousand.” Steve elaborated.
Theo asked with uncertainty. “You really booked a table there?”
“Not just a table. I booked the entire restaurant.” Levi replied nonchalantly.
Everyone burst into laughter upon hearing Levi’s outrageous claim. Even Steve broke character and sneered.
“What did you say? I’m afraid my ears are failing me. Did you say you’ve booked the entire restaurant? Do you know what’s the requirement to execute that action? Putting aside your status, the money needed to book that place for a day is easily a few million. Are you treating me like a fool?” Theo chuckled aloud.
Caitlyn and Aaron grimaced. Why must Levi always embarrass us whenever there are outsiders? What a despicable person.
“Do you feel proud by your actions? You’re just a joke in everybody’s opinion.”
Even Zoey found it hard to believe Levi this time.
