“Haha. You are absolutely right. Nueve is nothing compared to you.” Levi said honestly. Francis Hicks’s imposing manner alone is superior to Nueve’s.
Levi sat on the sofa and poured himself a glass of wine as well. He took a sip and said, “I can tell you firmly, Mr. Secrets. Five hundred million is not possible. But we can negotiate the price…”
Francis glanced at Levi. “I am a decisive person. Offer me a price then!”
Levi did not say a word. He raised his hand as well.
Francis was unsettled by that sight. “Are you kidding me? Fifty million? That’s not possible! I can consider if you offer me four hundred million!”
Levi grinned. “You’re mistaken, Mr. Secrets. It’s not fifty million.”
Francis stood up angrily. “Five million? You’re outrageous, Levi Garrison! Let me be frank. I do not care about Nueve. You will face the consequences if you infuriate me!”
Levi patted Francis’s shoulder. “Calm down, Mr. Secrets. I am a sensible person. So how would I offer you five million?”
Francis’s expression softened visibly. He assumed Levi was making a joke earlier. But Levi’s subsequent clarification shocked him to his core.
“I’m offering you five.”
The atmosphere inside the meeting room reached its boiling point afterward.
Bam!
Francis slammed the table and yelled at Levi furiously. “Are you f***ing kidding me? I’ll kill you!”
Crack crack crack…
The six bodyguards behind Francis Hicks drew their bayonets in just a split second.
Tap tap tap…
At the same time, the door to the meeting room swung open. Over thirty men rushed into the room. A total of forty men surrounded Levi and Azure Dragon, leaving them with no room to escape.
Every one of these bodyguards is highly skilled and proficient in combat. Francis looked at Levi mockingly. “Have you never heard of me from Nueve? No one in the entire North Hampton has the guts to lay a finger on me. Even the most powerful Mafia boss, Jack Smith, has to pay respect to me! So how dare a nobody like you dares to make fun of me? You must be tired of living!” Francis was burning with rage.
Levi was unfazed. “I am not making fun of you. I am sincere in doing business with you. five is more than enough to pay for the video.”
Francis Hicks and his bodyguards were engulfed by wrath after listening to Levi’s words. He wants to buy the invaluable video with only five? Is he dreaming?
Francis asked Levi. “Are you serious?”
“I’ve never been more serious my entire life. I’ll pay you five for the video.” Levi nodded.
“Then I should be serious as well! You can either buy that video from me for five hundred million or let me chop off your arms. Make the decision yourself!” Francis panted heavily in anger.
However, both Levi and Azure Dragon burst with laughter after listening to his threat.
Francis and his bodyguards were dumbfounded by their reaction.
“Do you really think you can leave this place unscathed?” Francis put on a wicked smile. “Do you know how I established my influence in this city? These bodyguards are the pillars of my success! Let me be honest with you. They are all mercenaries and veterans from the battlefield. All of them participated in wars and killed over ten people. Their combat abilities far exceed Nueve’s men. No one dares to harm me because of them. Not even Jack Smith himself!”
