Is his master really my brother-in-law?
She thought Levi was just pulling her leg!
Yoyo and May too noticed that Kirin had stopped at Levi’s row this row and whispered among themselves, “Isn’t it such a coincidence?”
At the sight of Kirin, the person at the end of the row felt so pressured that he immediately stood up and left his seat.
The others in the row also followed suit.
This was because they clearly knew that they were not Kirin’s master, so they had to leave in order to make way.
Tens of people left the row quickly and lined the aisle.
The only people left in the row were Levi and Abigail.
Levi sat there, as calm and steady as he could be.
Abigail stood up and looked at her surroundings. She did not know if she should sit or stand and was at a loss.
She wanted to leave, but Levi was still in his seat, so she did not know what to do.
Oh my god!
Is Kirin’s master really my brother-in-law?
In an instant, a thousand pairs of eyes riveted on them.
Levi and Abigail were the center of attention!
Overwhelmed with anxiety, Abigail became breathless.
Time seemed to come to a standstill at this moment.
Everyone was lost in their thoughts, and their minds became a complete blank.
Abigail’s teeth chattered, and her limbs trembled in fear. She really wanted to ask Levi, but she did not have the strength to open her mouth.
This man is too mysterious!
Kirin’s started to move, his shoes creating a rhythmic beat on the carpet.
As if a sledgehammer had slammed into their hearts, the sound brought everyone back to their senses.
They saw that Abigail and Levi were the only ones left in the row.
Everyone figured out what that meant.
Abigail is a woman, so she definitely cannot be Kirin’s master!
There is only Levi left!
He is Kirin’s master!
Glenn and the others, who were following behind Kirin, could not respond to this piece of information. They were reeling from the shock.
Every one of them felt like walking corpses as they stood rooted to their spot, mouths gaping.
They could not react.
They could not react at all!
This was because they did not expect such a thing to happen at all.
Levi being Kirin’s master would be their worst nightmare come true!
Yoyo, May, and Leon Watson looked on as Kirin moved.
They saw that only Levi was seated there.
Their scalps grew numb as blood rushed to their heads. It felt as though their heads were about to explode.
He is Kirin’s master?
Impossible!
Absolutely not!
Levi’s ability and reputation had deteriorated, and he was no more than a waste of space! So how could he be Kirin’s master?
Even the Levi from six years ago did not have the right to be acquainted with Kirin.
How was he able to become a military big shot after being in prison for six years?
Everyone who knew Levi thought of him this way.
If this was real, then it meant that the Rogers family was going to face a major disaster!
It only took a short while to reach Levi, but to the audience, it felt like a century.
Kirin finally made his way towards Levi and stood in front of him.
Abigail, who was at such close proximity to Kirin, almost fainted on the spot.
Everyone saw Kirin looking respectfully at Levi. After doing a military salute, he boomed, “God of War, Kirin of Northwest War Zone is here to report to you!”
After listening to what Kirin had said, everyone felt as though tons of explosives had gone off in the room, pulverizing their bodies and shattering their souls.
The God of War that Kirin mentioned could only be one person – the one right at the top!
Is the God of War here to grace the Rogers family’s 40th anniversary celebration?
Everyone was deathly silent.
No one said a word.
However, their hearts were beating loudly in their ears!
