Will did not have the courage to stay a second longer in the same room as Levi.
“We’re not finishing the meal anymore. We’ll be leaving now,” Pamela said.
Aaron and Caitlyn were worried. “Have you forgiven us then?”
“Yes! I’ve accepted his apology. By the way, you are allowed to attend Mother’s birthday banquet this year. She has accepted your return to the family,” Bailey Black answered.
Caitlyn was delighted after she was informed of the news. I can finally attend Mother’s birthday banquet since I left my home 20 years ago.
“We will be there!” Aaron said emotionally. We can hold our heads high by the time we attend the banquet because Zoey’s project is progressing well.
Caitlyn glanced at Levi happily after Pamela and her family left. “Alright. We will forgive you this time.”
Aaron pleaded with his wife sincerely, “Will you allow me to hang out with my friends tonight, Caitlyn?”
“Fine. Off you go. Take this bank card with you. I’m warning you now. Do not gamble tonight!” Caitlyn handed a credit card to Aaron.
Levi knew Aaron was a gambling addict since a long time ago. He lost a lot of money in the past. I even had to clear his debt previously. Caitlyn forbids him from taking part in those entertainments afterwards. He’s not allowed to drink with friends too. I suppose she’s making an exception today because her return has been accepted by the Black family today.
“Alright! I’ve quit gambling for a long time now!” Aaron was elated like a child.
Levi was amused by his behavior. He’s a typical henpecked man.
The four of them parted ways afterward.
Aaron went to meet up with his friends.
They were tipsy after gulping a few bottles of wine down.
Alex Glen placed his arm around Aaron’s shoulder. “I heard there’s a new underground casino in North Hampton. Why don’t we try out our luck there?”
Aaron shook his head. “No way! I made a promise to my wife not to gamble anymore.”
“Don’t worry. We are just going to play a few rounds to try out our luck. You won’t lose any money,” Alex persuaded him.
“That’s right. We did not bring a lot of money with us anyway. We’ll play in small amounts, just for fun. What if we get lucky? Do you know Andrew Zafer from the marketplace? I heard he earned 800 thousand from the casino with a mere 3000 starting amount!”
“He’s right. We are so jealous of him!”
Aaron’s resolution wavered as his friends convinced him. “Fine. I’ll go. But I have to say this in advance. I can only fork out 5000.”
“Sure, sure…” Aaron and the gang headed toward the underground casino together.
Aaron was especially excited when they arrived at the venue.
A man, dressed lavishly with a glass of red wine in his hand, was seated on the second floor of the casino while he gazed at the crazed gamblers beneath him. He asked with a smile, “Aaron Lopez is here?”
“Yes, Mr. Rogers.”
The men engaged in that conversation were none other than Oswald Rogers and Howard Corbyn.
Oswald sneered while looking at Aaron. “I’ve been thinking of ways to target all of you, but here you are, offering to step into my trap on your own accord.”
Howard sought out Oswald’s opinion. “How should we proceed, Mr. Rogers?”
“He’s going to lose! We’ll make him lose everything. Even the Lopez family will not be able to cover his debt. I am going to force Levi to his death with this staggering amount of money!” Oswald grinned like a madman.
Howard nodded. “I’ll make the necessary arrangements, Mr. Rogers. I will make sure to let Aaron Lopez learn his lesson well this time.”
