Tap tap tap…
Footsteps rang in the hallway again.
A man dressed in police uniform and another man dressed in a soldier’s uniform entered.
Jed voiced out unwittingly after noticing the badges on their shoulders. “The Captain of Patrol Squad and a colonel from the army!”
“I know him. He’s Steven Shaw, the Colonel of North Hampton’s First Metallic Regiment.”
“And that’s Xavier Fields, the Captain of Patrol Squad!”
Everyone’s scalps tingled with unease at that moment. I can’t believe Steven Shaw and Xavier Field is here!
Both men were having a meeting nearby. They rushed over as soon as they were made aware of the situation.
The two fearsome men came to a halt in front of Levi and saluted him.
The crowd could not be more amazed. Who is Levi Garrison, actually? Why are all these remarkable men in society showing such great respect towards him? Even Mr. Jesse nearly rush back to the country from abroad for him. Levi’s authority is beyond our comprehension.
A hint of terror glinted in everyone’s eyes as they looked at Levi. The lowly criminal has become a powerful figure in just a few minutes.
Chloe’s body shivered as she stood beside Levi. Her legs felt heavy as lead, rooting her to her spot. She finally understood the hidden meaning behind Levi’s explanation earlier. He said he’s dealing with firearms. If I think further from that perspective, Levi may be a high-ranking officer in the military.
She did not dare to imagine further.
“Bring them away and never let me see them again.” Levi commanded nonchalantly.
Draco complied without a moment to waste. “I will discipline this useless son of mine. He will not cause any trouble from now on!”
Everyone glanced at Crystal simultaneously.
Crystal knew she was doomed. I made a terrible decision in offending this man.
Draco and the others left swiftly after. But Levi asked for Steven Shaw to stay.
Steven stood politely beside Levi, admiring his idol. “Please give your orders, Sir!” Steven Shaw said.
Levi scratched his nose before he said, “I need one hundred thousand men next week. Convey my request to the regiment.”
Levi was preparing his secret weapon to defeat the Garrison family.
Steven Shaw was shocked. But he nodded in agreement anyway. “I will accomplish this mission!”
The private room was already cleaned up by the time Steven Shaw left. The restaurant staff even changed the tablecloth for Levi’s table.
Everyone tensed up as they eyed Levi nervously.
They knew Levi had the ability to destroy their future and career with a single word.
“Let’s relax ourselves. This is a gathering, am I right? Let’s enjoy the reunion then.” Levi smiled.
Chloe immediately took the initiative to smooth things over. “Let’s take our seats and pretend as if that incident earlier never happened.”
Everyone’s movements were stiff as they returned to their seats.
Jed, Wayne, and the others who sided with Stephan earlier were trying their best to diminish their presence.
Earlier, all of them felt the urge to bootlick Stephan to win over his favor, but none of them had the courage to do the same to Levi.
“They should be serving the dishes by now. I’m getting hungry already.” Levi raised his tone.
Levi helped himself to the food after the dishes were served on the table.
He ate without a care for his image or any dining etiquettes, but no one had the guts to laugh at him.
Levi soon realized he was the only person eating inside the room. Everyone else was tensed and quiet.
He got up from his seat after he was done. “I’m full now. I’ll take my leave first.”
